C:\Users\RedRo\Desktop\Coding Dojo\c#_stack\ASP.NET_Core\Login_and_Registration\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Login_and_Registration.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\RedRo\Desktop\Coding Dojo\c#_stack\ASP.NET_Core\Login_and_Registration\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Login_and_Registration.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\RedRo\Desktop\Coding Dojo\c#_stack\ASP.NET_Core\Login_and_Registration\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Login_and_Registration.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
C:\Users\RedRo\Desktop\Coding Dojo\c#_stack\ASP.NET_Core\Login_and_Registration\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Login_and_Registration.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\RedRo\Desktop\Coding Dojo\c#_stack\ASP.NET_Core\Login_and_Registration\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Login_and_Registration.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\RedRo\Desktop\Coding Dojo\c#_stack\ASP.NET_Core\Login_and_Registration\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Login_and_Registration.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\RedRo\Desktop\Coding Dojo\c#_stack\ASP.NET_Core\Login_and_Registration\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Login_and_Registration.TagHelpers.input.cache
c:\Users\RedRo\Desktop\Coding Dojo\c#_stack\ASP.NET_Core\Login_and_Registration\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Login_and_Registration.TagHelpers.output.cache
c:\Users\RedRo\Desktop\Coding Dojo\c#_stack\ASP.NET_Core\Login_and_Registration\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Login_and_Registration.RazorCoreGenerate.cache
c:\Users\RedRo\Desktop\Coding Dojo\c#_stack\ASP.NET_Core\Login_and_Registration\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Home\Index.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\RedRo\Desktop\Coding Dojo\c#_stack\ASP.NET_Core\Login_and_Registration\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Home\LogPartial.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\RedRo\Desktop\Coding Dojo\c#_stack\ASP.NET_Core\Login_and_Registration\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Home\Privacy.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\RedRo\Desktop\Coding Dojo\c#_stack\ASP.NET_Core\Login_and_Registration\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Home\RegPartial.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\RedRo\Desktop\Coding Dojo\c#_stack\ASP.NET_Core\Login_and_Registration\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Home\Success.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\RedRo\Desktop\Coding Dojo\c#_stack\ASP.NET_Core\Login_and_Registration\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Shared\_CookieConsentPartial.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\RedRo\Desktop\Coding Dojo\c#_stack\ASP.NET_Core\Login_and_Registration\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Shared\_Layout.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\RedRo\Desktop\Coding Dojo\c#_stack\ASP.NET_Core\Login_and_Registration\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Shared\_ValidationScriptsPartial.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\RedRo\Desktop\Coding Dojo\c#_stack\ASP.NET_Core\Login_and_Registration\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\_ViewImports.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\RedRo\Desktop\Coding Dojo\c#_stack\ASP.NET_Core\Login_and_Registration\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\_ViewStart.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\RedRo\Desktop\Coding Dojo\c#_stack\ASP.NET_Core\Login_and_Registration\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Login_and_Registration.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\RedRo\Desktop\Coding Dojo\c#_stack\ASP.NET_Core\Login_and_Registration\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Login_and_Registration.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\RedRo\Desktop\Coding Dojo\c#_stack\ASP.NET_Core\Login_and_Registration\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Login_and_Registration.dll
c:\Users\RedRo\Desktop\Coding Dojo\c#_stack\ASP.NET_Core\Login_and_Registration\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Login_and_Registration.pdb
C:\Users\RedRo\Desktop\Coding Dojo\c#_stack\ASP.NET_Core\Login_and_Registration\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Login_and_Registration.deps.json
C:\Users\RedRo\Desktop\Coding Dojo\c#_stack\ASP.NET_Core\Login_and_Registration\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Login_and_Registration.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\RedRo\Desktop\Coding Dojo\c#_stack\ASP.NET_Core\Login_and_Registration\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Login_and_Registration.runtimeconfig.dev.json
C:\Users\RedRo\Desktop\Coding Dojo\c#_stack\ASP.NET_Core\Login_and_Registration\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Login_and_Registration.dll
C:\Users\RedRo\Desktop\Coding Dojo\c#_stack\ASP.NET_Core\Login_and_Registration\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Login_and_Registration.pdb
C:\Users\RedRo\Desktop\Coding Dojo\c#_stack\ASP.NET_Core\Login_and_Registration\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Login_and_Registration.Views.dll
C:\Users\RedRo\Desktop\Coding Dojo\c#_stack\ASP.NET_Core\Login_and_Registration\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Login_and_Registration.Views.pdb
C:\Users\RedRo\Desktop\Coding Dojo\c#_stack\ASP.NET_Core\Login_and_Registration\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Login_and_Registration.Views.pdb
C:\Users\RedRo\Desktop\Coding Dojo\c#_stack\ASP.NET_Core\Login_and_Registration\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Login_and_Registration.csproj.CopyComplete
